Other standalone integration docs freshness (#3406)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/integrations/autoscale-keda.md

---
type: docs
title: "How to: Autoscale a Dapr app with KEDA"
linkTitle: "How to: Autoscale with KEDA"
description: "How to configure your Dapr application to autoscale using KEDA"
weight: 3000
---

> Dapr, with its modular building-block approach, along with the 10+ different [pub/sub components]({{< ref pubsub >}}), make it easy to write message processing applications. Since Dapr can run in many environments (e.g. VM, bare-metal, Cloud, or Edge) the autoscaling of Dapr applications is managed by the hosting layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr, with its building-block API approach, along with the many [pub/sub components]({{< ref pubsub >}}), makes it easy to write message processing applications. Since Dapr can run in many environments (for example VMs, bare-metal, Cloud or Edge Kubernetes) the autoscaling of Dapr applications is managed by the hosting layer.
```
